Use log crate instead of custom logging logic (#43)
parallaxsecond/parsec-tool: README.md

# Parsec Tool

This repository contains a tool to communicate with the [Parsec
service](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec) on the command-line.

## Getting started

To compile and list the available commands:

```
$ cargo build
$ ./target/debug/parsec-tool --help

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe you can just show the instruction for installing it? `cargo install --path ./` or smth like that. The `./target/debug...` thing looks kinda unfinished

Author: I can replace with `cargo run`? I am a bit afraid of describing an installation method for something as early as `parsec-tool` 😨

Reviewer: Sure, I don't mind - in that case just leave it as is

## Modifying Parsec service endpoint

For demos and to test the Parsec service, you might want to change the Parsec endpoint location. For
that, set the `PARSEC_SERVICE_ENDPOINT` environment variable to correction endpoint.

To set a Unix Domain Socket Listener endpoint at `/tmp/parsec.sock`:

```
$ export PARSEC_SERVICE_ENDPOINT=unix:/tmp/parsec.sock
```

## Modifying logging output

You can set the `RUST_LOG` environment variable to modify the logging outpout. See [the
documentation](https://docs.rs/env_logger/0.8.3/env_logger/index.html) for more information.

## Data format

Unless specified otherwise below, the data format expected by the commands is the same as describe
in the [Parsec
Book](https://parallaxsecond.github.io/parsec-book/parsec_client/operations/index.html). The
`--help` option of commands might give more information about the expected format.

> The ECC public keys are formatted using the ASN.1 representation `Ecdsa-Sig-Value` described in [RFC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECDSA signatures are formatted using the ASN.1 representation `Ecdsa-Sig-Value` described in [RFC
```

Also, it's worth saying that `export_public_key` formats them in PEM

Author: oops
